Clarify self-hosted ajs and add more links. (#5896)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/custom-proxy.md

4. Run `curl` on your domain to check if the proxy is working correctly.

## Self-hosting Analytics.js

To reduce fetching assets from Segment's CDN, you can bundle Analytics.js with your own code.

To bundle Analytics.js with your own code, you can: 
* [Use Analytics.js as an npm package](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2b-install-segment-as-a-npm-package).

* [Use npm to install your destinations](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#add-destinations-from-npm).

> * Hardcode your settings instead of fetching from the CDN (**not recommended** -- bypasses the Segment souce configuration GUI completely).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardcode your settings instead of fetching from the CDN (Segment doesn't recommend this as it completely bypasses the Segment source GUI)
```

4. Run `curl` on your domain to check if the proxy is working correctly.

> ## Self-Hosting Analytics.js, settings, and destinations

Reviewer: @silesky how come we need to add "settings and destinations" to the heading? Can the section just be called "Self-hosting Analytics.js"?

Author: Good point, I changed it back.

> To reduce or eliminate fetching assets from Segment's CDN, you can bundle analytics.js with your own code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce fetching assets from Segment's CDN, you can bundle Analytics.js with your own code.
```

> Some things you can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bundle Analytics.js with your own code, you can: 
```

> 1. Use [Analytics.js as an npm package](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-next/tree/master/packages/browser#-using-as-an-npm-package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Use Analytics.js as an npm package](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-next/tree/master/packages/browser#-using-as-an-npm-package){:target="_blank"}.
```

> 2. Use [npm to bundle your destinations ](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#add-destinations-from-npm) with your own code instead of fetching them from the CDN (advanced optimization -- this is generally not necessary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Use npm to bundle your destinations ](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#add-destinations-from-npm) with your own code instead of fetching them from the CDN.
```

Reviewer: @silesky are you saying that fetching from the CDN is advanced optimization? Do we have to include that bit especially if it's generally not necessary? I would suggest taking it out. wdyt?

> * Hardcode your settings instead of fetching from the CDN (not recommended -- bypass the Segment souce configuration GUI completely).

Reviewer: @silesky are you saying that this step is not recommended because it bypasses the Segment source configuration?

Author: Yes!

Reviewer: if it's not recommended, then why should we include it in the docs?

Author: > if it's not recommended, then why should we include it in the docs?
Some users have used it in the past who absolutely do not want to depend on the segment CDN in any way, so it is the final piece of the self-hosting puzzle.

Reviewer: Let's check with support if it makes sense to include this in there

Author: any update?

> 3. Hardcode your settings instead of fetching from the CDN (not recommended -- bypass the Segment souce configuration GUI completely).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardcode your settings instead of fetching from the CDN (not recommended -- bypass the Segment souce configuration GUI completely).
```

Reviewer: @silesky are you saying that this method of hardcoding your settings is not recommended? Or are you saying that fetching from the CDN is not recommended because it bypasses the Segment source configuration GUI completely?

Author: This method of hardcoding is not recommended, as it kind of eliminates the UI completely and is a bit brittle, as settings can no longer evolve automatically.
